[upbeat hip-hop music plays]
♪ ♪
[Tariq]
Previously onGhost...
[Lauren] But what about that
book Professor Reynolds was
writing?
You don't think
that was about Brayden?
The book was definitely not
about Brayden.
Reynolds told him
what the book was about.
I don't think I can wear
this wire anymore.
I don't think that's possible.
You didn't want Mommy and Daddy
to find out
that you got caught
with drugs in your room.
I don't wanna go with her.
I wanna go with you, Tariq.
Listen. Look, Yas,
I'm gonna fix it, okay?
I promise.
I'll grant you custody
on a temporary basis,
but one misstep
and I'll be forced
to remand the child
back into state care.
[Tariq] "I knew you'd
end up here, lil' nigga.
Right where you belong."
[tense music plays]
[phone buzzes]
I could set up your kids.
All your kids. Not just Zeke.
All you got to do is sign.
My name is Dante Spears,
and I'm your father.
Nah, man,
you got the wrong guy.
[Monet] I got a meeting
with Zeke's agent.
Gotta clear up all these
off-the-court issues and shit.
You acting real
fucking reckless around here.
You don't know who you
fucking with, little girl.
What, is there some reason
you don't want Papi home?
My dad and Monet, they ain't
on the same page at all.
Wait, hold on,
you say she wants out?
Monet wants out.
As for me, what I really wanted
was to be up here with you.
-You gotta be sure.
-I'm sure.
What are you doing here?
There's this Rick Fox lookin'
nigga out there named Dante
claiming to be my dad.
She said it's safer
if I'm here.
What can I do for you?
[Lorenzo] We getting ready
to take over Queens.
We just need to make sure
we got the product to match.
As of right now,
all my product goes to you.
If we don't pay Davis the 500K
that we owe him,
our failsafe falls apart.
So what you gonna do about it?
You and Tariq
are in this together.
They don't care
about that professor.
They want the cop killer.
But if I hear my
name mentioned--
Hey, I ain't saying shit
as long
as the money rolling in.
Supplier cut us off.
No more product.
I got to be able
to pay my lawyers.
There's money out here.
There's more than
one way to get it.
[Joe] ♪ They say this is
A big, rich town ♪
♪ I just come
From the poorest part ♪
♪ Bright lights, city life ♪
♪ I gotta make it
This is where it goes down ♪
♪ I just happen
To come up hard ♪
♪ Legal or illegal, baby
I gotta make it ♪
[50 Cent] ♪ I never took
A straight path nowhere ♪
♪ Life's full of twists
And turns, bumps and bruises ♪
♪ I live, I learn ♪
♪ I'm from that city full of
Yellow cabs and skyscrapers ♪
♪ It's hard to get a start
In these parts without paper ♪
♪ Homey, I grew up in hell
A block away from heaven ♪
♪ That corner every 15 minutes
They moving seven ♪
♪ Pure snow, bag it
Then watch it go ♪
♪ Occupational options
Get some blow or some hos ♪
♪ Shoot the ball or the strap
Learn to rap or to jack ♪
♪ Fuck it, man
In the meantime ♪
♪ Go head and pump a pack ♪
♪ This my regal, royal flow
My James Bond bounce ♪
♪ That 007
That's 62 on my count ♪
♪ I'm an undercover liar
I lie under the covers ♪
♪ Look a bitch in the eyes ♪
♪ And tell her
Baby, I love ya ♪
♪ You're my inspiration
You're my motivation ♪
♪ You're the reason that I'm
Moving with no hesitation ♪
[Joe] ♪ They say this is
A big, rich town ♪
♪ Yeah, I just come
From the poorest part ♪
♪ Bright lights, city life ♪
♪ I gotta make it
This is where it goes down ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ I just happen
To come up hard ♪
♪ Legal or illegal, baby
I gotta make it ♪
♪ ♪
[Jenny]
Tariq St. Patrick is guilty.
His attorneys will tell you
a story of a family under siege
from the district attorney's
office.
Of a young Black man,
unfairly targeted
for his race and gender.
She knows your playbook.
Sure you didn't give it to her?
[Jenny]
The American justice system
is not perfect,
ladies and gentlemen,
and such unfortunate
circumstances do occur.
But not in this case.
'Cause the facts, the evidence,
will bear out that Tariq,
a privileged,
educated young man
with every
socioeconomic advantage
murdered both
Detective Danilo Ramirez
and Professor Jabari Reynolds.
I know you're looking at him
and thinking, "He's a kid."
But his youth
should only indicate
his advanced propensity
for violence
and the urgency of your duty
to stop him now.
[Davis] Miss Sullivan says
that I'm going
to tell you a story.
But I'm going
to give you the facts.
My client
is a straight-A student
in an honors program
at an Ivy League school.
In addition,
Tariq recently pursued custody
of his younger sister,
determined to take on
that responsibility
on top of his studies.
Does that sound
like a murderer to you?
Tariq lost custody due to
Ms. Sullivan's hasty decision
to arrest him
for this double murder,
an arrest based on evidence
so circumstantial
and weak
that you will be shocked,
shocked that she even
brought this case to trial.
[Jenny] The dead
police officer's badge
found in Tariq's dorm room.
The murder weapon was Ramirez's
own service weapon
found by Reynolds' body.
We believe that
Tariq murdered Ramirez,
stole his weapon, and committed
the Reynolds murder
with that weapon
to throw us off his scent.
Tariq clearly had
the opportunity and the means.
But why would a straight-A kid
murder his professor and a cop?
Well, you will hear his motive,
clear as day, on tape,
in St. Patrick's own voice.
Objection, Your Honor.
The defense has
no prior knowledge of any tape.
Please approach the bench.
There was nothing
in discovery about any tape.
Who's your
authenticating witness?
Unfair surprise, Your Honor.
It's inadmissible.
Your Honor, we did delay
notifying the defense
about the tape because frankly,
we believe naming the witness
will put them in danger.
People around St. Patrick
have a tendency to disappear.
I believe that's totally
unfounded, Your Honor.
My client has a right
to face his accuser,
and we have a right
to prepare cross-examination.
The prosecution will turn
the tape over
and the witness will have to
take the stand to authenticate.
We will reconvene tomorrow.
Mr. MacLean, the recording
is for your team's ears only.
Not your client's.
Of course, Your Honor.
[tense music plays]
♪ ♪
[hip-hop music
playing on stereo]
It's that alien OG.
Loud as fuck.
-Ooh!
-[Sweaty] Yeah.
[Brayden] Well, I appreciate
you coming through, Sweaty.
-[Sweaty] Yeah.
-I know it was short notice,
and, uh, I ain't seen you
in a minute.
I got you, Skids.
You Westons
always tip well, so...
Yeah, man, I-I honestly
was surprised that
we weren't meeting in the
Dave & Buster's parking lot
-like the good old days.
-[both laugh]
[Sweaty] I had to level up,
you know.
-I'm on this whole new--
-You got the coke?
Shit. Straight business.
Yeah, I got you.
Well, this isn't
even half of it.
Like your boy said,
short notice.
But this right here
is that primo flake.
Peruvian raw, I'm talkin'.
Whoof. Perfect.
Yeah, we'll take it all.
Just bag that shit up, baby.
Yeah, all right.
Whoa. Yo. What am I, Costco?
-Mm-mm.
-[laughs]
-On second thought...
-Ah, come on, man.
Our clientele has
expensive taste, okay?
I don't know
what the fuck that shit is.
[Sweaty] All right.
Well, you can tell Trace
that my door--
closed to him from now on.
Sweaty. The fuck?
Expensive taste, my ass.
[Brayden] Sweaty.
What the fuck, Effie?
We're out of product.
We need that shit.
Tariq's gonna be heated.
Not as heated as he would
have been if we brought him
that shit cut with rat poison.
All right, El Chapo, do you have
any fucking better ideas?
What the fuck we do now?
Let me fucking think.
[phones buzz, chime]
[suspenseful music plays]
♪ ♪
Tough start today.
What, my father put it in his
will
that you gotta
follow me around too?
Ha! Hardly.
No, I'm actually here
to inform you
that a family has decided
to adopt Yasmin.
Lovely people, really.
Wait, what the fuck
are you talking about?
I just won custody of Yasmin.
Yes, and you were
also just arrested,
so she went back
into the system.
This is what your father
wanted, Mr. St. Patrick.
In the event that no
actual family was available,
Yasmin should be adopted
and her last name changed
to protect her
from whoever may have...
wiped out the family.
Your father also instructed
that the adoption records
be sealed
so that once she's gone,
she can't be found.
He--he had all of this set up
before he died?
[Daniel] If you really want
to save your sister,
I suggest you start
by saving yourself.
♪ ♪
Any idea who recorded you
talking motive
about these murders?
Listen,
it doesn't make any sense.
A'ight, I haven't talked
to anyone about this case.
I stayed away
from everyone involved.
Yeah, well, not everyone.
I ain't gonna lie, Tariq,
it's bad.
But I-I'm on it.
Or I will be
as soon as you pay me.
See, it's cause and effect,
Tariq.
You stop paying your lawyer,
your lawyer
stops saving your ass.
I got you, I just--
I just need
a little more time, that's it.
All right,
let's put a clock on it.
Payday's tomorrow
or I let a public defender
trot your ass
into a 25-to-life, okay?
[tense music plays]
Where's Dru and your father?
I don't know.
They never tell me shit.
You know that.
Your father might not,
but I know you and Dru
run around here
thick as thieves and shit.
Ma, he ain't say shit, a'ight?
For real.
Look, if they shuttin' us
both out, that ain't good, D.
Especially for your brother.
Lorenzo has a way
of talking people into things.
Things your brother
might not be ready for.
[phone buzzes]
Look, I know you been
going behind my back lately.
But if you find out something
about your father's business
and you tell me,
maybe I can find a way
to trust you again.
[phone buzzes]
Who is that?
It's Zeke's agent,
if you must know.
He's blowing me up.
I gotta take this.
Hello?
What the fuck is so important?
I need to see you.
Look, you gotta stop
calling me, Dante.
Hey, yo.
♪ ♪
Yo, plane just touched down.
Shipment's ready.
You can't ignore
what we have together, Nae-Nae.
[Monet] Had together, Dante.
You still acting like
I'm the same broke-ass bitch
that you first met.
If you knew me now,
you would know
that I mean what I say,
and I don't play games.
I know it's hard, testifying
in front of everyone,
in front of Tariq.
But it'll all be over
by this time tomorrow.
Well, your part will be.
We'll keep the security
a while longer.
I can't do this.
You guys already have my tapes.
I don't understand why I have
to get up there and--
Testify?
Because you got caught
with drugs, sweetheart.
Even your brother
wasn't high enough
to get caught for possession.
[Sheryl]
It's our own fault, honey.
Malcolm tried to warn us
about this kind of behavior.
Aren't we thrilled
that she left him for the boy
who killed
that attractive professor?
-Mom.
-[Jenny clears throat]
Sorry, but you're
the only witness that can speak
to Tariq's prior knowledge
of the novel's content.
So that's it?
There's no other way out?
Not for you, no.
[Ouija Macc and Starfoxlaflare
"Hiding in the Bushes" plays]
[singer] ♪ Hold up
I'm hiding in the bushes ♪
♪ Twelve hit the spot
Now I'm hiding in the bushes ♪
♪ I been movin' weight, yeah
I been doin' pushes ♪
♪ I been selling dope, yeah
I been smokin' kushes ♪
♪ Hold up
I'm hiding in the bushes ♪
♪ Sucka tried to touch it
So we left him on crutches ♪
♪ Guess somebody's snitchin'
Tattle tellin' motherfuckers ♪
♪ But when 12 pulled up
I was hidin' in the bushes ♪
♪ What the fuck you gon' do
When they pull up on you? ♪
♪ Twelve they gon' stone you
Rappers, they gon' clone you ♪
♪ I threw the rock
In the bushes ♪
♪ I threw the Glock
♪ Right before 12 pulled up ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Hold up ♪
Yeah, hi, um, I'm looking
for the birth certificate
of Ezekiel Cross, 2002.
[singer] ♪ Hold up ♪
What-what do you mean,
not in that year?
[singer] ♪ Hold up ♪
-Yo, how'd it go?
-[Effie] You good?
It's too early to tell.
So how'd it go
with the contact?
My guy had a bunch
of coke, but...
But?
But it was stepped on
more than Brayden's feelings
when you don't
text him back right away.
What the fuck, Effie?
I told you that in confidence.
Well, it was a good thing
y'all passed that shit up.
Okay, well, people are starting
to get upset about the backlog.
You know, why don't we just cop
from one of those
Silk Road knockoffs?
I used to buy poppers
from there
all the time, no problem.
I mean, my phone started
clicking afterwards, but...
-Fuck, no.
-What the fuck are you
talking about?
We're not selling poppers.
Okay, well, I don't see
you two motherfuckers
coming up with anything.
I was just brainstorming.
Well, I might have a plan,
but we're gonna need
the Tejadas for this shit.
I'm not sure
they gonna be up for it.
[Kendrick Lamar]
♪ Yawk! Yawk! Yawk! Yawk! ♪
The nigga Davis said he was
gonna hold me the fuck down.
Not until we pay his ass.
But we got no money
and no connect.
Kay, then ask Dad.
That nigga's gaining weight.
He'd knock us both
in our heads if he knew
how much trouble you was in
and how much
it's gonna cost to get out.
[phone buzzing]
-Nah, Ma, fuck that kid.
-Yeah, fuck Tariq.
Except we still need his ass.
Wassup?
[Kendrick Lamar]
♪ Yawk! Yawk! Yawk! Yawk! ♪
♪ Man down
Where you from, nigga? ♪
♪ Fuck who you know
Where you from, my nigga? ♪
♪ Where your grandma stay
Huh, my nigga? ♪
♪ This m.A.A.d city I run
My nigga ♪
♪ Brace yourself
I'll take you ♪
♪ On a trip down memory lane ♪
♪ This is not a rap on how ♪
♪ I'm slingin' crack
Or move cocaine ♪
♪ This is cul-de-sac and
Plenty Cognac and major pain ♪
♪ Not the drill sergeant ♪
♪ But the stress
That weighing on your brain ♪
♪ ♪
[Cane] What is this,
a fucking field trip?
You bring
your whole class here?
[Monet]
So what's the plan, Tariq?
And hurry this shit up before
your little LoJack goes off.
A'ight, it's simple as fuck.
We need weight, right?
We rob the connect.
-[scoffs]
-Solves all our problems.
We steal the drugs
that Mecca cut us off from.
This nigga done lost
his damn mind, Ma.
I told you this
was a waste of time.
Nigga, you ain't even
hear how yet.
I don't gotta hear your plan
yet, nigga, okay?
This ain't your
corny college professor.
This is Mecca.
He's gonna body anybody
for even thinking
about ripping him off.
That's why we use GTG to do it.
Ah. We keep our hands clean.
They take the fall.
-Exactly.
-I like that.
We just got to get up
in his crib to do it first.
Yeah, and we all
gotta move together.
Yeah, we should be together,
but unfortunately,
you ain't getting in there,
okay?
This nigga's security
is tight as fuck.
And they roll deep
and they don't play.
That's what I'm depending on.
And I ain't going
in there anyway; he is.
Told you how I do.
Cane knows it.
What makes you think
you could pull
some shit like this off, Tariq?
'Cause I ain't doing it
by myself.
Cane, you got that Lil' Guap
motherfucker under your thumb.
He does whatever you say.
Effie, she already know
what to do.
If we all play our roles,
we play our position,
everything will fall in place.
We'll be good.
We need weight, right?
That's how we get it.
Shit. Fuck it, we in.
We need product, yes,
but we also need money, too,
if we really wanna solve
all our problems.
[Kendrick Lamar]
♪ Yawk! Yawk! Yawk! Yawk! ♪
I know how we can turn
this shit up a notch.
Talk to me.
I'm thinking we're gonna
need Dru too.
Fuck no.
See, I knew
you was gonna say that.
But what if I told you
this plan ends
with your boy Guap
six feet deep?
Then I would say
I'm not falling
for that shit again, Cane.
Okay, fair. But I'm for real.
The plan only works if I clip
that nigga at the right time.
Nah.
I pull the trigger.
-You?
-[Dru] Yeah.
That's the only way I'm gonna
sign up for this bullshit.
Oh, a'ight, bitch,
do it without me, then.
All right, bitch.
If you gonna do it.
Look, your father
and your sister
can't know about it.
[Cane] Yeah, we need them both
out of the way tomorrow.
Diana's been bugging.
So you let Tariq distract her.
He calls, she'll go running,
guaranteed.
What about Lorenzo?
Papi has eyes and ears
everywhere, Ma,
so you gotta keep him away
from the shit.
[Cane] Yeah, and the connect
knows he cut you off.
Looks sus. You need an alibi.
Y'all motherfuckers.
A'ight, I got him.
[Kendrick Lamar]
♪ Yawk! Yawk! Yawk! Yawk! ♪
[Tariq] A'ight. I got you, Dru.
[Kendrick Lamar]
♪ Not the drill sergeant ♪
♪ But the stress
That weighin' on your brain ♪
♪ It was me, L Boog
And Yan Yan ♪
♪ YG Lucky
Ride down Rosecrans ♪
♪ It got ugly, wavin' yo hand
Out the window ♪
♪ Check yourself, uh! ♪
You understand the bomb
the prosecution dropped
on you earlier?
Listen, I don't
say shit to anyone.
So I'm confused as to how
they have some incriminating
recording of me;
that doesn't make sense.
Well, they do.
As do I, right here.
Mm-mm-mm, no, no. Mm-mm.
See, you have any idea
how illegal it is for me
to play you this tape?
So what am I doing here then?
I hit that spacebar...
and my firm's reputation?
Ruined. My license, gone.
You got me fucked up, Tariq.
I'll be right back.
Gotta check
on a dinner reservation.
You can't handle that
once we're done here?
[suspenseful music plays]
♪ ♪
[Lauren]
And what about that book
Professor Reynolds
was writing?
You don't think
that was about Brayden?
Look, no.
The book was definitely
not about Brayden.
-Are you sure?
-Yes.
Professor Reynolds told me
who it was about.
On top of that,
that nigga only wrote
about Black people anyway,
so...
-[Lauren] So not Brayden?
-[Tariq] No.
[Saxe] Tariq, wait.
I couldn't help
but overhear you
hearing the tape
your girlfriend made.
Leave me the fuck alone
right now, Saxe.
Yeah, I need to know
you're not gonna do anything
too St. Patricky
with this information.
How the fuck could she
do this shit to me?
It wasn't her fault.
She got caught with drugs.
She got caught with pills,
all right?
Those shits weren't even hers.
They didn't belong to her.
They found the pills
in her room,
and they took her
to the station.
To get her out of it,
Carrie Milgram--
Wait, Professor Milgram
had something to do with this?
She manipulated Lauren
into wearing a wire.
Look, Carrie was just trying
to catch her ex's killer,
Tariq,
and your girlfriend
got caught in the middle.
Okay, I'm serious, Tariq.
You can't know about this.
And you can't go anywhere
near Lauren
or Carrie Milgram right now.
How the fuck you expect me
to do that, Saxe?
I got class with them first
thing in the morning tomorrow.
♪ ♪
[both panting]
-Okay, hold on.
-Oh. [clears throat]
How about that?
Sure. That's a little better.
What are you doing?
Look...
Look, um...
fucking opposing counsel
during trial is one thing,
but kissing,
like we're together
or something,
I don't know.
Would that be so bad?
I mean, if we were together?
I can't believe
you're bringing this up now.
I mean, we just had
opening arguments.
I know.
And your client's
about to find out
who betrayed him in court.
And he's not going
to be very happy.
His girlfriend. I know.
How do you know?
That Lauren Baldwin
was his girlfriend?
I listened to the tape, Jenny.
[suspenseful music plays]
She blows off the other guy
who hits on her
and then she takes Tariq to her
brother's place, and they kiss.
You can hear them on the tape.
Is that really
how you figured it out?
Or did Tariq hear the tape
and tell you who she is?
The contents of the tape
are how I ascertained
the relationship
between your witness,
Lauren Baldwin, and my client,
Tariq St. Patrick.
Cooper, did Tariq
hear the tape?
The judge ruled he couldn't
hear the tape, Jenny.
That's not an answer.
Did Tariq hear the tape or not?
I didn't play it for him.
Did Davis MacLean play
my witness tape
for Tariq St. Patrick?
Is Lauren Baldwin in danger?
I have no reason to believe
Lauren is in danger.
I swear to you.
"No reason to believe"
isn't good enough, Cooper.
If anything happens that girl,
I'm getting you
and your partner disbarred.
Jenny, please.
You know the rules.
You know I can't answer
that question directly.
Then that's the answer.
Get the hell out.
Hold on, can we at least--
can we talk about this?
[tense music plays]
[line trills]
[Tate] Students, listen up.
Time to get right to it.
Professor Milgram?
Truth can be a tricky thing
when it comes to ethics.
Scholars have debated
for centuries whether it's ever
morally justifiable
to withhold the truth.
You mean to lie?
Well, that's another way
of saying it.
I mean, of course there are
times it's okay to lie.
Excellent point,
Ms. Carmichael.
-Said the liars.
-[phone buzzing]
[BruShaundria]
I--mother--you know what?
I'ma just withhold that
'cause I'm on my mental health
shit right now.
And I ain't trying
to ruin yours.
I'll just say that
all truth is good,
but not all truth
is good to hear.
[Tate] Excellent point
you make, Ms. Carmichael.
Now, the thing you have to ask
yourselves about the truth
before you say it is,
"How would this help me?"
Right?
Hey.
Oh, finally.
Davis has the recording.
The one of Lauren?
We have to assume
that he played it for Tariq.
I'm sure he has, actually.
Lauren, she's not in class.
[phone beeps]
[Tate] And if the truth
is not helping you, then--
I'm sorry.
It's a--it's a family thing.
[Tate] What?
Please, uh, continue.
Okay, see, that bitch
was definitely lying, right?
-[female student] Yes.
-[male student] Right?
♪ ♪
Jesus Christ, Tariq.
You scared me to death.
What are you doing here?
Same thing you are.
Checking on Lauren's absence?
Checking on her safety.
Her safety?
Look, you're not wrong
for being afraid for her,
but I'm not the one
that she's in danger from.
Who is she in danger from,
Tariq?
Certain people that wouldn't
want her to speak on the stand.
Something that you should
have thought about
before doing this to her.
Lauren was caught with drugs.
I had no hand in that.
You convinced her
that a few pills were worth
wearing a fucking wire over.
You knew the rules and you knew
she would
have to take the stand.
You can't tell me
that you didn't think
you were putting this girl
in danger.
I want Lauren to make it out
of this alive.
Do you?
There are protective measures
in place.
Yet you came running in here.
Look, there's nothing I can do
at this point to help her.
Take the stand
in her place, Carrie.
Simple.
Jenny Sullivan won't put me
on the stand
unless I have relevant
evidence, which I don't.
So you'd have to lie.
I'm sure that wouldn't be
your first time, would it?
If the jury believe me,
I'll prove that you had
a motive to kill Jabari.
You really want to risk
conviction to save Lauren?
After what she did?
She did that because
you set her up to it.
You know, this whole time
knowing you, Professor Milgram,
I thought you always tried
to protect your students.
Maybe I was wrong.
I mean, I never thought that
you would risk a student's life
for your own personal goals.
I know how you feel about me.
But you and I both know
that Lauren is innocent, so...
maybe you'll lie
for the right reason this time.
♪ ♪
I haven't been to Coney since--
[Lorenzo] Summer 2009.
Took the kids to the rides.
Remember, Cain was too short
for one of them
and he tried
to fight that dude?
You remember all of that?
Yeah. 'Cause it was a good day.
We had the hot dogs,
walked the boardwalk.
And your outfit that day?
Mm-mm.
I will never forget
that Baby Phat tracksuit.
Hmm, well, damn, I guess I
gotta try to outdo that today.
Please.
I'm gonna warm up the whip.
[Monet] A'ight.
[Diana] Ma, you got a minute?
We need to talk.
D, what do you need now?
I gotta go.
Whatever.
And where you off to?
I'm going to Zeke's game.
[Ouija Macc and Starfoxlaflare
"Hiding in the Bushes" plays]
Mm-hmm.
[singer] ♪ Hold up
I'm hiding in the bushes ♪
♪ Twelve hit the spot
Now I'm hiding in the bushes ♪
♪ I been movin' weight, yeah
I been doin' pushes ♪
♪ I been selling dope, yeah
I been smokin' kushes ♪
♪ Hold up
I'm hiding in the bushes ♪
♪ Sucka tried to touch it
So we left him on crutches ♪
♪ Guess somebody's snitchin'
Tattle tellin' motherfuckers ♪
♪ Hold up
I'm hidin' in the... ♪
[Lorenzo] Mo, you ready?
[singer] ♪ Now I'm hiding
In the bushes ♪
♪ I been movin' weight, yeah
I been doin' pushes ♪
[Jenny] Okay, thank you.
I'll-I'll see you upstairs.
Where's Lauren Baldwin?
[Jenny] We got her
into protective custody.
She's waiting
in judge's chambers
to be called to the stand.
I have court officers with her.
She's safe.
She'll never be safe
once she takes the stand.
You know this.
Measures are in place,
and I need her testimony.
You can't watch her forever.
Look, I am sympathetic
to Lauren's exposure here,
but I also need
to put this murderer away.
And she's the only witness
that can confirm
Tariq had prior knowledge
about the Reynolds novel.
No. No, she's not.
I can too.
You heard St. Patrick talk
about the book
before Reynolds' death?
Yeah. Absolutely.
[suspenseful music plays]
Why the hell didn't you
say that earlier? Come on.
♪ ♪
Ms. Milgram,
what is your profession?
I was a prosecutor
at the district attorney's
office.
And you had an intimate
relationship
with Professor Reynolds,
is that right?
On and off, but yes.
[Jenny]
Did you two ever discuss
the novel that went on
to get him murdered?
He talked about it
all the time.
That was
the kind of man he was.
But when he told me that Tariq
was the source material,
I urged him not to go forward
with publishing.
How did he respond?
Well, he told me he had
already approached Tariq
about the novel.
[Jenny]
And how long had Tariq known
that he was the subject
of the novel?
It couldn't have been longer
than a day or two.
[Jenny] And when you heard
Jabari Reynolds
was dead, what did you think?
I did suspect Tariq
had something to do
with the murder.
[Jenny] So why didn't you
come forward right away?
I mean,
you were the prime suspect
at the beginning
of the investigation.
Why not tell the police this
information to clear your name?
Well...
I would never harm
one of my students
for my own personal gain.
When the police gave me
the manuscript, I read it.
It was only then that I knew
Tariq had a motive
in this murder.
Thank you.
Ms. Milgram, Jabari Reynolds
wasn't the only person
involved in this case
that you were intimately
involved with.
Is that true?
I'm not sure I understand.
[Davis] More specific, okay.
No problem.
Do you have a sexual history
with the lead investigator
of the case, Kevin Whitman?
O-objection!
Goes to credibility,
Your Honor.
Please answer the question,
Ms. Milgram.
Well, that was many years ago.
-Yes or no?
-Yes.
How about with me?
Excuse me?
Do we or do we not have...
a similar history?
♪ ♪
Well, yes--
[Davis]
And we've already established
your intimate time
with the deceased.
How about the second suspect
in this case?
Someone that also happens to be
one of your students as well,
Ezekiel Cross?
[people murmuring]
That's true, yes.
What is Stansfield's policy
about professors
and students fraternizing?
-It's strictly forbidden.
-Why?
Um, because the power dynamic
is lopsided.
A student may feel that
he or she has no choice
but to submit
to the professor's
sexual demands.
And you said you'd never harm
one of your students
for your own personal gain.
Sounds like you had plenty of
personal gain right under Zeke.
I mean, his nickname
is "Freaky Zekey."
-Your Honor!
-[Davis] Withdrawn.
Let me ask, Ms. Milgram,
how many lies have you told
to cover up your relationship
with Zeke Cross
or Jabari Reynolds
or Kevin Whitman?
Or with me?
♪ ♪
I--I'm not lying about Tariq.
Of course you are.
How long do you think
you'll be employed
at Stansfield
after today, Ms. Milgram, hmm?
If I were you,
I'd start working on my résumé.
No further questions.
[people murmuring]
♪ ♪
[Lorenzo] Not gonna lie, Mo.
I'm surprised you skipped
Zeke's game for this.
That boy's
gonna have plenty more.
It's been too long.
We needed this.
Oh, I agree 100%.
I just wasn't sure
you felt the same way.
I wasn't ready
when you came home.
It was too big of a change.
But I see we have time
together now.
So what's your plan? Long term.
What's our plan?
You've been three steps ahead
your whole life, Mo.
Come on.
I know you got bigger plans.
Even Diana seems
to think so too.
Well, right now
I'm just trying to...
be in the moment with you.
That's my plan.
[Lorenzo] A'ight.
[Mecca sighs]
You about to go to war
or some shit?
If you gotta stop and prepare
for war when it starts,
you've already lost.
Now what the fuck
did I tell you
about staying out of there?
You told me to find
that strap you like.
-[Mecca] Mm-hmm.
-I think it's over here.
The fuck?
It's a power outage.
Chef, go check it out.
-Cane, that's you.
-Did I fuckin' ask Cane?
[tense music plays]
♪ ♪
Trouble in paradise?
Yeah, trust me, this right here
is pretty fucking far
from my paradise.
[phone ringing]
Go.
[Chris] Boss!
They're hitting the stash!
[gunshots]
What? Who?
-[phone chirps]
-Hel--
♪ ♪
Where the fuck's the product?
Guap swore the stash is here.
[both laugh]
[Mecca] Someone's trying
to rob me; let's roll.
They said no one can leave
'til the power's back on.
[Mecca] Yeah, let them try
and stop me.
Hey. What's up?
Nothing. Nothing.
Nah, it's something.
I wanna know.
I don't know, man,
this power outage
just feels like something
I did at GTG once.
Hmm. Come on.
♪ ♪
You know,
not to blow up the whole,
uh, stakeout vibe
but, um, just an FYI,
I gotta get this
back to my mom's space
by, like, 8:00-ish.
You think we'll be done
by then?
So we ready or what?
Oh, for you girl,
I'm always ready.
We just need to wait
for them to leave.
You handle everything
on your end?
Cutting power
was the easy part.
Hard part's coming up.
All right, as long as you
keep those cameras off.
-They will be.
-[phone chirps]
Fuck, fuck, fuck!
What?
Is there a problem
at the hangar?
Lost a few more homeys.
But the bag's secure.
Lito'll drop it off.
[The Seige's "Back Up" playing]
[dramatic hip-hop music plays]
[singer] ♪ Back up, back up
Back up, back up ♪
All right. Let's move.
[singer] ♪ Back up, back up
Back up, back up ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Back up, back up
Back up, back up ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Back up, back up
Back up, back up ♪
Automatic doors.
Thanks, Mom.
[singer] ♪ A-a-another step
And I'm gonna act up ♪
♪ I'ma need you to back up ♪
I've been looking
for you everywhere.
-How can I help you, sir?
-How can I help you?
The power is down.
We're aware.
It's being fixed as we speak.
Okay, I don't think
you understand.
My PS5? Not working.
We have slightly
larger concerns at the moment.
Okay, well, I'm an e-athlete,
and your only concern
at the moment
should be the giant lawsuit
I'm about to hit you with
for the hundreds
of thousands I'm losing
because you idiots
overloaded the grid.
Let-let me go check
on an ETA for you, all right?
You do that.
[singer]
♪ Hell is you thinkin ♪
♪ I'll jump in the Lincoln ♪
♪ And leave your ass
Leaking immediately ♪
♪ Show up this evening
And wait till you sleeping ♪
♪ Then wrap you up nice
And neat in them sheets ♪
♪ Kick the door open
I'm scanning for motion ♪
♪ I'm just tryna make
All my pockets obese ♪
♪ Don't want the coochie
I just want the luchi ♪
♪ So me and all of my poochies
Can eat ♪
♪ Might rob 2 Chainz
For his loose change ♪
♪ Take his boo thang
Out to PF Chang's and ♪
♪ Wait a minute... ♪
Oh, thank God,
I need your help.
We're working
on the power, ma'am.
I'm gonna switch
on the backup gen--
No, my grandma slipped and fell
when the power went off,
and I can't get a signal.
-Oh, no, kid, let me go call--
-No, no. No, no.
I think the phones are down.
Please come on.
I think she broke her hip.
-Hold on, I just need to--
-Now!
[singer] ♪ I'ma need you
To back up ♪
♪ I'ma need you
To back up... ♪
[Lil' Guap] I was wrong
about you Tejadas, man.
I used to not fuck with you,
but y'all are out here
pulling off heists,
getting Lorenzo out early.
Like, y'all are really
out here, man.
Plus putting me and my boys on
after all we've been through.
[chuckles]
That's love, bro.
Yeah man, you a part
of the team, man.
[Lil' Guap] G-O-D.
[singer] ♪ The flow is hot
I got you shocked ♪
♪ Come-come from off the top ♪
♪ You know I be smarter
Than Spock... ♪
[Effie] This way.
Ah, shit, one second.
[singer] ♪ Can't keep up ♪
-♪ You too slow ♪
-[singer] ♪ Top ♪
[singer] ♪ You just watch ♪
[Lil' Guap]
And I been hearing Lorenzo
talk about "Dru's next."
That's what's up, man.
CEO shit.
You know, I'm on that same
energy right now, too, bro.
Matter of fact...
I meant to give you
this little token of respect.
That all?
I got your back up there, bro.
♪ ♪
[Chef] We took some casualties
but laid out
most of these
sorry motherfuckers.
[Mecca] How the hell
did they find this location?
[Chef] Still working on that.
And boss, they got away
with the shipment.
Fuck.
Looks like it was GTG.
Is that your expert
fucking opinion, Chef, hmm?
Why don't you get your ass
back to the apartment?
Go load up those straps.
We about to ride out.
-I'll roll with Chef.
-No, no, no. You stay here.
We need to keep all our bases
covered until I'm done.
-Where you going?
-Hunting.
[Lil' Guap] It took what
happened outside the club
for me to see you as gangster
as Cane is, you know.
Hey, Guap, thanks
for the grill, but the money,
that shit was mine anyways.
-Cane put you up to this?
-No.
This shit just for me.
[St4K DJ's "Bass and Trap"
playing]
[intense music plays]
♪ ♪
[Dru shouting]
[both grunting]
Ah, we've been here
before, Dru.
-[Dru] Huh? Huh?
-You ain't got it in you.
You ain't got it in you,
Drusito.
[choking]
♪ ♪
[raspy breathing]
[line trills]
[phone beeps]
[Diana]
Where the hell is everyone?
[phone buzzing]
[singer] ♪ Play your position ♪
♪ When them other hoes
Get out of order ♪
♪ When you wanna
Give me that? ♪
♪ You purchase
A plane ticket ♪
What's up?
Right.
I got you.
Update from boss man?
Not for you; for me.
Hey, make sure you account
for every last ounce
those snakes took.
[Mcvey] Copy.
[singer] ♪ Thumbin'
Through my contacts ♪
♪ Bout to call
One of my hos up ♪
♪ Then I met you,
kicked game ♪
♪ And followed you
To the breakfast spot ♪
♪ Fucked you
Like I married you ♪
♪ That night
Up in the Marriott ♪
♪ Screaming like you got
Your cherry popped ♪
♪ Fuckin'
Switchin' up positions ♪
♪ Thought this shit
Would never stop ♪
♪ Motherfuck an intermission
Damn ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Here we go again ♪
[door slams]
[singer] ♪ Chill off in your
Crib and have a thing ♪
♪ Probably make it stank
Or something ♪
♪ Girl, you like my--
Married you ♪
♪ That night
Up in the Marriott ♪
♪ Screaming like you got
Your cherry popped ♪
♪ Fuckin'
Switchin' up positions ♪
♪ Thought this shit
Would never stop ♪
♪ Motherfuck an intermission
Damn ♪
♪ Damn, damn, damn, damn ♪
♪ Damn, damn
Damn, damn ♪
♪ Damn, damn, damn, damn ♪
[sirens wailing]
♪ Damn, damn
Damn, damn, damn ♪
♪ ♪
[singer] Smoke 'em!
[singer] Here we go again!
Yo, Chef! Chef!
Hey Chef, where you at?
[Chef] Why you yelling
like the goddamn police?
Yo, we need
to pack up this shit.
Help Mecca find GTG.
Man, I just talked to him.
He ain't say shit.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. You sure?
You fucking with me right now?
Guy at the hangar told me,
so I figured
I'd come get you first.
That's some weird shit, man.
I'll do it.
[Cane] Right out GTG's
fucking playbook.
[Dru] Drive.
What the fuck happened to you?
Where's Guap?
-Nigga, drive!
-Ah, fuck.
♪ ♪
[Davis] Fuck is this?
Conflict diamond or some shit?
I need you to fence that.
You can take your payment
out of it.
[scoffs]
The lady this was made for
is sure gonna be upset.
She'll be a'ight.
I assume discretion
is of the utmost importance.
Discretion is good, yes.
[Davis] Have some yourself too.
This trial's not over yet,
and Jenny Sullivan
will not sleep
until she finds a way
to recover
from the L she took today.
That was good.
Getting Carrie
to take the stand.
Trying to protect
your little girlfriend from me?
I ain't had nothing
to do with that.
[suspenseful music plays]
♪ ♪
Looks great, Di.
It don't smell that good.
Actually, smells fantastic.
You should respect the fact
your sister's cooking
for us all day.
Well done, mamita.
Thanks, Papi.
So where were all y'all today?
You know where
Daddy and I went today?
Coney Island.
-You really went?
-[Lorenzo] Yep.
Y'all should come
with us next time.
Nah, I had enough Italian ices
to last a lifetime, I'm good.
-[Monet and Lorenzo chuckle]
-Ain't no meat in here?
Cane, what the fuck, man?
I'm not gonna tell you again.
-Where did you go today, D?
-I went to Zeke's game.
-Like I said.
-[Monet] Mm.
Dru, Didn't you go
up there today?
I didn't see y'all there.
Yeah, Di,
I didn't see you, either.
They didn't let me sit
in our regular seats, so...
[Zeke] Oh, I'll call the coach.
Can't have that happen
to my baby cousin.
-Who'd you go with?
-Bet she went with Tariq.
But that nigga's going to jail,
so you got to find another
skinny nigga to cupcake with.
Okay, he's not going to jail.
His professor lied on him
and everybody knows it.
-Carrie?
-Yeah.
How do you know so much
about that, Diana?
Yeah, Diana, how do you know
so much about that?
And how do you know
so much about
what's going on
with Tariq's trial?
Well, to be honest,
I know a lot of things.
First, I know Cane
sugared the coke
that fucked up our supply.
Fucked up the whole system
just so he could
be the connect.
Is that true, Cane?
-It's like that, D?
-Yeah.
[Monet] Cane, is that true?
You fucked up our business
so you could be the connect?
Why the fuck would you do
something like that?
Because you locked me out, Ma.
You forgot that?
This nigga Tariq let his boy
handle your product.
He left it out
for anybody to get it,
so I got the motherfucker.
And you used me to get it
in front of Ma?
Ding, ding, ding.
You like to have such
big ideas, kid,
I gave you one.
So you fucking
conned your way into this?
Yeah. I did.
And you runnin' around here
thinking what?
This nigga's the idea man?
I should be your right hand,
not Dru.
And you're always
running your fucking mouth.
Don't raise up on me.
And now you're going against
this fucking family.
-Me?
-Yeah, you.
[suspenseful music plays]
You know this nigga
ain't clip ol' boy
-like he was supposed to?
-[grunts]
So Everett's still with us?
Y'all were gonna kill Everett,
my teammate?
What the fuck for?
You know what?
I don't even want to know.
I'm outta here.
I don't want nothin'
to do with y'all.
[Monet] Zeke. Zeke. Zeke.
[Zeke] No, I don't
wanna have anything.
Zeke, please.
I think you need to stay.
[Diana] Yeah, Zeke.
She can't let you leave.
You're her whole plan
to get out the life.
Diana, stop!
No, shut the fuck up
and stop telling me what to do.
Ma's been staging
her exit for weeks,
from the game
and from you, Papi.
What is she saying, Mo?
Bitch, you got some
fucking nerve accusing me
when you been sitting up here
lying to my face
-the whole fucking time.
-I'm lying?
Pretending to go
to Zeke's game when I know
you went to Tariq's trial.
Just like I know
you was fucking him
and that's why your ass
ran up there
like a fucking groupie.
I knew you was gonna
let that nigga hit it.
Tariq?
We raised you better
than that, Diana.
I'm not the only one
fucking somebody
I ain't supposed to, Ma.
How about the fact that you're
fucking some dude named Dante?
[Monet] What the fuck
is wrong with you?
[Cane]
Wait, wait, chill, chill!
-[Monet] She's fucking lying!
-Who?
I'm sorry,
let me clarify real quick.
I mean Zeke's dad.
What the fuck
is she talking about, Mo?
She's a fucking liar!
She's a fucking little liar!
That wasn't my dad.
That-that-that wasn't my dad.
Right, Auntie?
[Diana] Jesus Christ, Zeke,
what the fuck?
That ain't your fucking auntie.
That's your mother.
Mo, what the fuck
is she talking about?
♪ ♪
Look at it. Look at it.
You little fucking bitch.
This ain't my birthday.
That's the wrong year.
Zeke,
when I called the hospital,
they said they
didn't have any records
for an Ezekiel Cross
born in 2002.
But they for damn sure
had one in '98.
Wait, so he's your oldest son,
not me?
Zeke, you're not 19. You're 23.
♪ ♪
But that means I broke
NCAA regulations.
The league's gonna think
I lied about my age.
That's gonna fuck up my draft.
But I didn't lie.
I didn't lie.
You did. You lied!
-Wait, Zeke--
-[Zeke] No.
I'ma fuckin' kill you.
Ma, you've been lying to us
our whole fucking lives.
I hope you had
a good enough reason.
Mo...
...so Zeke is your son?
Yes.
And the father?
You should go.
♪ ♪
[door slams]
[line trilling]
Please pick up, Zeke.
Please, baby, pick up.
Why aren't you answering?
Shit.
[intense music plays]
♪ ♪
[raspy breathing]
GTG should've thought
before we ended
their whole fucking bloodline.
Product's not here, boss.
Okay.
Well, fellas...
now all we gotta do
is take care of the inside man.
-Inside man?
-Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
[Chef coughing, gurgling]
♪ ♪
Oh, uh, he was the mole.
In case that was unclear.
You know, Cane, I just didn't
think he was that foolish.
But people surprise you
every day,
don't they?
Now, get the gear and help me
clean this up, kay?
♪ ♪
[phone buzzes]
[suspenseful music plays]
♪ ♪
[knock at door]
I'm looking for Zeke.
Is he here?
I haven't talked to Zeke
much lately.
I can't find him anywhere.
I lost my family tonight.
What? How?
I got caught in a lie.
A lifetime's worth, actually.
Well, I can relate.
I lost everything
that mattered to me today.
My job, my career,
my integrity.
What, because you were
fucking Zeke?
You know, if he still
has you to come to...
...he'll never come back to me.
♪ ♪
Dru got in,
and I fucking peeled out
like I was Bray Earnhardt Jr.
I had to lose a couple tails.
Shit was fucking epic.
Calm down, okay?
Nobody was following us,
and you went the speed limit,
His a little soccer mom van
goes, like, 60.
[laughs]
65.
[Effie] Um...
you want to give us
a minute, NASCAR?
Wow, again?
Okay, whatever, fuck me.
Peace, Tariq.
Light a candle this time.
What's wrong?
And don't say nothing, okay?
I can see it all over you.
Thought you said
things went well in court.
[sighs] They did.
But look, don't-don't
tell Brayden, but Lauren,
she caught me on the wire.
Wait, Vanessa Huxtable's a rat?
Nah, chill, it's not like that.
I mean, well, I don't think so.
I was able to stop the tape
from coming out in court.
You know, as soon
as I seen that girl,
I knew she was gonna be
a bad influence on you.
Funny thing is, she might say
the same exact thing about you.
[Effie] No, seriously.
Like, when you're with her,
you have to be a version
of yourself that you're not.
You know, I never wanted
to lie to her, Effie.
[heartfelt music plays]
You know, I was trying
to protect her.
Keep her safe.
Sounds to me
like she found a way
to protect herself from you.
I'm sorry, Tariq.
You had the wrong one.
Yeah, I know that now.
So you said the case
is going good, right?
I mean...
shit could go either way still.
You know, I mean, right now,
it's looking all right.
Hopefully, something works out.
I don't know.
♪ ♪
You told me you wasn't trying
to get attached.
Yeah, I think it might be
too late.
Carrie?
[tense music plays]
♪ ♪
[upbeat hip-hop music plays]
[singer] ♪ Loyalty, loyalty ♪
♪ A lot of you
Don't act accordingly ♪
♪ Life can be smoother
Than poetry ♪
♪ Relationships come
With a loyal fee, hey! ♪
♪ Chuck a deuce to his face
Money involved in play ♪
♪ Blowback gonna
Happen today, hey! ♪
♪ Loyalty, loyalty ♪
♪ A lot of you
Don't act accordingly ♪
♪ Life can be smoother
Than poetry ♪
♪ Relationships come
With a loyal fee, hey! ♪
♪ Chuck a deuce to his face
Money involved in play ♪
♪ Blowback gonna
Happen today, hey! ♪
♪ Don't ask me 'bout nothing
'Cause I won't reply, what ♪
♪ I don't even know
What does it take ♪
♪ To get labeled as real ♪
♪ I don't even know ♪
♪ Do you think they'll really
Get you a deal ♪
♪ Why? I don't even know ♪
♪ And how were you planning
On beating the odds? ♪
♪ I don't even know, hey! ♪
♪ All I know is that
I'm paid, paid ♪
♪ Get it and stay
Out the way, no ♪
♪ Now a penny go to way
Champagne all the time ♪
♪ Oh, could've been there
On my side, side ♪
♪ Shot you, how'd you know
My life, life ♪
♪ They're gon' get thrown
In the sky, boom ♪
♪ Now you're home
Just trying to get by ♪
♪ Got a milly but
I'm trying to get five ♪
♪ When I touch down
I'ma share with the bros ♪
♪ Don't get a cut
'Cause you nigga's done told ♪
♪ Folded quick when you
Went down the road ♪
♪ Chuck a deuce to his face
Money involved in play ♪
♪ Blowback gonna
Happen today, hey! ♪
♪ Loyalty ♪
♪ ♪